Hey it's Bruno here.
Listen I think it's time for us to move you to our main flagship product smart brain.
I mean I know it's early and you just started at the company but you've done such fantastic work and
Roble friends is great and all but our big money maker is the smart brain app that uses machine learning
to detect people's faces in pictures and everybody loves it.
Now it's a lot bigger code wise than Roble friends and more complicated but using the smart brain app
we can do some really cool things like replacing faces with emojis blurring faces and other neat tricks.
And I think we need somebody with your talents on the project Listen to start off can you get the project
set up on your machine for development and also add a few features for us.
Currently our smart brain app can only detect one face.
Can you make it so it detects a lot more.
Cool.
Thanks.
P.S. great 10.
You must have spent the weekend at the beach.
I'm jealous.
All right.
We're getting promoted to a bigger project.
That's good.
The smart breaking up is going to be a lot of fun for us to work with.
So it's time to get to work.
We're going to have to set up the database the server and the front end up all by ourselves.
We're going to have to review the smart Browncoat and then implement a feature.
It's going to be another fun section.
So let's get started.